OK so in this video we have two main goals.
We're going to make sure we update query installed and working which should only take a couple of seconds
and then we're going to get the starter team out and see a code in our application.
So rather than having you watch me type 70 something lines of C S S one by one I'm just going to give
it to you.
We'll paste it in.
This is not the focus of this section.
It's more about single page apps API is a query.
So we're not going to freak out about this.
I'm going to give it to you and we'll be able to breeze through that part hopefully.
So without further ado let's install a query and really installing it's not quite the right term.
Let's just include it.
So an index that himself.
We're going to add a script tag and we're going to go to code that Jay quarried outcome which I can
never remember that you are ill.
I just googled a query and then click on Jay queery CDN and then move click one of these for Jay query
three point X. If you want uncompress if you want to look at the source code I'm going to do modified.
Copy this.
There's a button here actually I always forget about that.
Go back to cloud 9 and paste it in our head.
And I'd like to indent this a little bit better.
There we go.
And now let's test it out.
Is it working.
So we could just refresh our page.
Well I need to start our server up.
So let's try that again.
Looks good.
Let's refresh here.
We still have in our app just this single line.
But if I open up my console I make this a bit bigger if I refer to dollar sign.
There's no problem.
So I can do something like Dollar Sign body double click and then a function in there and we'll just
alert correct just like that.
And let's see if that works.
If I could not screw up the syntax.
There we go.
Right.
OK.
So if I click the body I get an alert trajectory is working.
It's good to know.
OK.
So the next thing is to just add in R C S S.
So we'll go to APS-C assess and delete what we have.
And I've included as a resource in this video as a file that you can download the C S S code.
You can also look in my workspace and just copy to see assess.
It looks like this.
So we've got styles for the body setting the font including a font appear.
Then we've got styles for the header and then see the form and then the main list.
So there are a couple of classes we'll be using things like list and Dot task done but mainly we're
not going to be worrying about this.
So I will say that if you're a fresher page you'll see a couple of changes but we still haven't added
in our age to m-L.
So that's next.
So an index that each team will not going to delete everything but in our body we're going to delete
what we have aside from our scripts that we included.
And I'm going to replace it with this code.
So it's actually really simple.
The starting markup.
So we have our H-1 has to do with a span around list.
So it's styled slightly different.
We refresh the page you can see every go I'm way zoomed in.
By the way 200 percent.
And then below that we have nature too simple to do with step built with node whatever subtitle you
want and that it for our header.
Although this indentation is slightly off then we have a section with class equal to form.
And inside there's a single input with ID of to do input which is here.
And then finally we have a well with the class of list that's empty but we'll be adding in lies.
It doesn't want to autocomplete my.
Here we go with our to do's and those will be going down here.
Perfect.
So we want that empty because we're going to do that with Javascript.
And I'm actually going to end the video here.
We have J were installed and we have the starter edged him out and started to see assess which again
are included.
So if you don't want to type them from scratch even though each time it's not bad it's the SS It's pretty
lengthy.
80 something like.
So I definitely recommend that you pay set in and then make sure J Corey works.
So in the next video we can start fetching our data.